Advanced Ancient Acropolis - Exactly what it says on the tin. Often found in the darkest jungle. May overlap with City of Gold.
Adventure Towns - Travel between towns for new quests.
The Bermuda Triangle - Where planes and ships go to enter inter-dimensional rifts (maybe).
Boom Town - Whoa, these guys build and breed fast.
Climbing the Cliffs of Insanity - Tall walls of rock keeping you from your destination.
Company Town - A town created by a company for its employees, where they're the law for all practical purposes.
Corpse Land - A devastated location where no one has cleaned up the bodies of the fallen (and maybe never will).
Cult Colony - An isolated group of religious settlers.
Cut-and-Paste Suburb - Hey, I think I saw that house before. And that one too!
City of Canals -A city where waterways are used as streets. Usually mirrors Venice.
Desert Island - No one lives there. Good place to be marooned. Full of Jungle Japes.
Domed Hometown - City in a dome. Underwater optional.
Dying Town - Having lost its reason to exist, the town is largely shuttered and abandoned, home to only those who couldn't move elsewhere.
Elaborate Underground Base - A base that has a hangar, silo and laboratory.
Eldritch Location - Because Euclidean designs are for morons!
Evil Tower of Ominousness -That tower that's larger than the mountains? Definitely not the Evil Overlord's lair!
"Far Side" Island - A tiny island in the middle of nowhere housing a single palm tree.
Floating Continent - A floating chunk of land as an exotic locale.
Forbidden Zone - A dangerous place no one wants to go (except the heroes, of course).
Garden of Evil - A place where most or all of the plants are poisonous, carnivorous, or otherwise dangerous.
Ghibli Hills -Pristine, untouched wilderness, often within easy reach of civilization.
Grass Is Greener -An idealized place that a person desperately wishes to leave and go to.
Halloweentown -A setting with a very stylized creepy, gothic, Halloween theme.
Hidden Elf Village -A secret, safe place far from the eyes of those other meddling nations.
Home of Monsters - Any place monsters call home, whether it be a lair, a whole dimension, a Monster Town or Island of Mystery.
Hungry Jungle -Jungles are out to kill you.
Ice Palace -A castle made of ice or one that's completely frozen over.
Industrial Ghetto -A slum near or inside an industrial area, often made of scrap and filled with crime and pollution.
Inside a Computer System -Inside a self-contained virtual/magical world (unlike Cyberspace, in which locations correspond to the real world).
In the Doldrums -A featureless location, often an empty plane or void. More than just somewhere boring.
Island Base -A Supervillain Lair on an isolated island.
Island of Mystery -An island with any one of a number of unusual things on it.
Layered Metropolis - A city with multiple, vertically-separated levels, usually with the rich on top.
Landmarking the Hidden Base -A secret base hidden under or in some famous landmark.
The Neutral Zone -Territory in between nations in a Cold War that is off-limits to keep a war from restarting. Opposite of Truce Zone.
Mega City -A city with the size or population of a country.
Merchant City -A trade city, ruled or mostly populated by merchants, bankers, and traders.
Micro Monarchy -A modern, very tiny nation ruled by a royal family. Usually an eclectic mix of tradition and modernity.
Monster Town -A town entirely populated by monsters. May have a twisted, alien culture or one Not So Different from ours.
Monumental Battle -Dramatic battles always seem to take place around major landmarks.
One-Product Kingdom -For simplicity's sake, a planet in SF is only ever famous for a single good or service.
Outlaw Town -A town run for the benefit of criminals or one entirely populated by criminals.
The Outside World -Any place outside a place of confinement, isolation, or seclusion.
Pleasure Island - An entire island is dedicated to being a perfect leisure spot. May or may not be a trap.
Port Town -A city by the sea.
Privately Owned Society -Everything is owned by individuals, nothing is run by the government (at least not effectively). Expect Straw.
The Promised Land -The place that promises to be better than where we are. Where the Grass Is Greener.
Quirky Town -A small town filled with quirky and adorable characters.
Railroad to Horizon -A railroad disappearing into the distance is used as a metaphor for the journey ahead.
Ridiculously Difficult Route -When a route is usually never used because it's just too difficult and/or there are other, easier ways.
River of Insanity -People who go on a journey down a river into the unknown will not make it back unchanged.
The Shangri-La -A paradise high up in the mountains.
Shining City -The greatest and most beautiful city in the world. The home of righteousness, justice, and civilization.
Swamps Are Evil -Swamps are out to kill you.
Thirsty Desert -Deserts are out to kill you.
Traveling Landmass -Makes it kind of hard to find on maps. May serve as a Base on Wheels.
Treasure Room -Here there be dragons! Expect difficulty leaving with it.
Tree Top Town -When adults make an entire town out of Treehouses of Fun. Don't expect safety railings.
Trophy Room -Where a character keeps mementos of their greatest adventures.
Truce Zone -Neutral ground between two hostile nations where their peoples are encouraged to mingle to help warm relations and build a future peace. Opposite of The Neutral Zone.
Turtle Island -A turtle, whale, or other creature big enough and old enough to support a mobile ecosystem on its back.
Uncanny Atmosphere -Some vague sense of wrongness in an area sets the heroes on edge.
Uncanny Village -A seemingly idyllic small town isn't quite what it appears on the surface. The townsfolk may or may not be in on it.
Undefeatable Little Village -A small, close-knit community manages somehow to repeatedly repel an enemy power far more massive than it.
Undercity -A city that suffered some calamity has been built-over and forgotten — but it's still there.
Underground City -A city Beneath the Earth which may have been buried, built by non-humans, and/or as a bunker to survive the apocalypse.
Underwater Base -An underwater Supervillain Lair.
Vice City -A crime-ridden urban setting that has not quite yet declined into Wretched Hive status. The default setting used in most Wide Open Sandbox games, particularly Grand Theft Auto and its imitators.
Volcano Lair -A Supervillain Lair in a (usually inactive) volcano. Saves time digging. Beware victory.
Wild Wilderness -The untouched wilderness is a place of adventure and is treated as almost another world.
Wretched Hive -A lawless land, populated almost entirely with cutthroats and other scum.
Fisher Kingdom