Abandoned Hospital - The places of injury, illness, probing and needles can be creepy enough without being derelict. And it's never just because the funding ran out.
Abandoned Laboratory - Likely to be stocked with strange and alarming tools, there was science being done here. Odds are, things have Gone Horribly Wrong (or worse, right).
Abandoned Warehouse - Who even abandons warehouses?
Absurdly Spacious Sewer - Because sewers in real life are at least two meters high and have enough space to hold a castle.
Academy of Adventure 
The Gladiator Coliseum
Adminisphere - The back office that administers the organisation, and is likely to be out of touch with the sharp end of the business.
Adventurers Club - When the globe-trotting hero isn't about his exciting business, he can relax at the club and swap stories with the like-minded.
All-Ghouls School - Faculty for the freaky and fanged.
Amusement Park -It's usually closed and happens during the night.
Amusement Park of Doom - No one has entered in ages and because of that, the place is riddled with traps that kill you.
Ancient Tomb - Tombs, burial chambers, sepulchers, mausoleums, charnel houses, ossuaries, catacombs, crypts, sometimes even dungeons.
Area 51 -A top secret research facility. In the desert.
Bad-Guy Bar - Everyone inside is a macho wrestler with an evil look on his face.
Base on Wheels - How is it possible to keep an entire city on wheels that can drive anywhere, even submerge? Beats me.
Bazaar of the Bizarre - A marketplace in the Middle East. You'll find all sorts of this and that in there.
Bedlam House -asylum on steroids.
Big Fancy Castle - Much like Big Fancy House, but with more towers. And secret passages. And dungeons.
Big Fancy House - A house on a hill. It's not dirty. It has more rooms than any other house around.
Bigger on the Inside - A building that looks small - possibly ridiculously small - but opens up into a giant mansion or other area.
Big Labyrinthine Building -A huge building consisting of nothing but a maze.
Big Store - The setting for a Long Con. It looks like a business now, but it'll be empty again next week.
Bikini Bar - Strip clubs in all but name
Boarding School of Horrors -The breeding ground of Sadist Teachers and cutthroat battles for social dominance.
Bright Castle - A beautiful fairy-tale castle.
Chez Restaurant - Expect snails, frog legs, temperamental chefs, and snotty waiters with funny accents.
Circle of Standing Stones - A ring of giant stones where important events often occur.
Clock Tower -The town clock, the one that everybody sets their clocks to. May be a bell tower you have to ascend.
Cobweb Jungle - A spooky, abandoned location where cobwebs are as thick as jungle undergrowth.
Container Maze - A labyrinth of crates or containers in a warehouse, storeroom or dock.
Cool Airship - An airship, but with lasers.
Cool Boat - A boat, but with lasers.
Cool Garage - A garage, but with lasers.
Cool House - A house, but with lasers.
Cool Ship - Anything that's called a ship and has lasers.
Coolest Club Ever - So great, it's always packed.
Crappy Carnival - Like Disneyland, if Mickey was a grubby Con Man.
Creepy Basement - Like a regular basement, but with more spiders.
Creepy Cathedral - The bells are haunting at midnight.
Creepy Cemetery - The place with the reputation for mass-producing the undead.
Cutesy Name Town
Dangerous Workplace - Drinking from the water cooler will burn down the building.
Decadent Court - The entourage of the leaders conduct warfare in an ostensibly polite and civilised social battlefield.
Den of Iniquity - Where the Mooks and Minions unwind.
Derelict Graveyard - Ship graveyard
Elephants' Graveyard - A secret place where elephants go to die.
Enclosed Space - Hope you don't have claustrophobia!
Endless Corridor -Keep walking forever.
Extremely Dusty Home -A abandoned house with layer upon layer of dust and cobwebs.
Fan Convention
Gayborhood - A neighborhood where the population is predominantly openly LGBT in a city where most people aren't.
Gingerbread House - A house or other building made of food, usually candy and sweets. Usually a fairy-tale setting.
Ghost Town -An abandoned town.
Good Guy Bar -Where the heroes hang out after hours. Villains are welcome if they behave.
Greasy Spoon -A roadside diner, often stuck perpetually in the American 1950's and serving anti-diet food.
Great Big Library of Everything -An absurdly large and well-stocked library.
Haunted Castle -A spooky castle where there be monsters.
Haunted Headquarters -A spooky place where there be monsters, and you're stuck living or working there.
Haunted House -A spooky house where there be monsters.
Hedge Maze -A maze made up hedgerows, usually found somewhere fancy and rich.
The Hedge of Thorns -A large bramble of nasty thorns, usually where faeries or evil sorcerers want to block your way.
Hell Hotel -A creepy hotel where bad things happen.
High School -School for teenagers, grades 9 (or 10) through 12.
Holy Ground 
Hospital Paradiso - A seemingly perfect hospital or other workplace. Often rejected by a hero who wishes to focus on the downtrodden instead of the kind of people who can afford to get help there.
House of Broken Mirrors -Where someone gone mad from loathing their appearance has smashed all their mirrors and left them.
I Don't Like the Sound of That Place -A place with a sinister name.
Incompetence, Inc. -An office culture where nothing of value gets done, and where it's a mystery how they stay in business.
Indian Burial Ground - A place where someone desecrated the graves of Natives by building something on it. Expect ghosts.
Inn Between the Worlds -A pub that connects to multiple worlds, where people of all types can relax and swap stories.
Inn of No Return -An inn or hotel where the owners kill and then rob or eat their customers. Often a Hell Hotel.
Legitimate Businessmen's Social Club -Where mobsters hang out and plan crime.
Lethal Eatery -A restaurant that violates health codes in staggering ways. Usually played for comedy.
Level Ate -A location made entirely of food.
The Little Shop That Wasn't There Yesterday - A magical shop that appears out of nowhere to sell a MacGuffin and then disappears when it causes trouble.
Local Hangout -Where the cast spends most of their time hanging out. Brits may use My Local (pub) instead.
Locked In The Dungeon -A medieval-style underground prison / torture chamber.
Lover's Ledge -An outside window ledge where The Casanova must hide to avoid being caught during Interrupted Intimacy.
MacGuffin Location -When the MacGuffin everyone is competing over is a place.
Mage Tower -The Tower where a wizard does his research (or plotting) above and away from the people. Often contains telescopes, orreries, hidden artifacts, secret passages, tomes of eldritch lore, etc.
Magical Library -A library of magic books, often itself enchanted and often safekeeping magical artifacts.
Make-Out Point -A secluded place, often with a good view, where teens go for Auto Erotica. Bad things often happen there.
Masquerade Ball -An elaborate, period dance where all the attendees wear masks. Duplicity often occurs.
The Maze
Middle-of-Nowhere Street -A very small location that is a Weirdness Magnet, and no one outside notices or minds.
Mishmash Museum -A museum with no apparent rhyme or reason to the ways its exhibits are laid out.
Missing Floor -A secret floor in a multilevel building. Often skipped by the buttons in an elevator.
Mobile Maze -A maze which changes (itself) to make it hard or impossible to escape.
Monster Shaped Mountain -A rocky terrain feature resembles, or is, a giant creature or portion thereof.
Museum of Boredom -A boring, often extremely niche museum in which (almost) none of the cast is interested.
Museum of the Strange and Unusual -An awesomely eclectic museum with a collection of impossibly cool and downright bizarre stuff.
No Tell Motel -A sleazy motel that caters to a low-class clientele.
Nothing Exciting Ever Happens Here
Not-So-Safe Harbor -A Wretched Hive of seaside villainy.
Old Dark House -The classic setting for Ten Little Murder Victims. A Haunted House without the actual haunting.
Ominous Floating Castle
Opium Den -A 19th century drug house, often far more romanticized than modern equivalents. Associated mostly with the British Empire and China.
One Gender School -Single-sex education. In modern works, expect Situational Sexuality.
Only Law Firm in Town -The law-firm at the center of a show about a law-firm.
Only Shop in Town -Small towns (or towns of any size in most Video Games) only have a single store run by the town's Shop Keeper.
Orphanage of Fear 
Orphanage of Love
The Pentagon
A Slaver's Ship
People Zoo -An alien zoo containing humans and other intelligent life as part of the exhibits.
Possessive Paradise -A paradise setting with an unfortunate tendency towards the yandere.
Prison-The Alcatraz - A high-security prison where there's lava instead of the ocean and the guards are huge robots.
Cardboard Prison -A prison that is way too easy to escape, so that villains can be reused.
Epiphanic Prison -To exit: Have epiphany.
POW Camp -Populated by soldiers captured on the field of battle by their enemies.
Tailor-Made Prison -A prison made specially to hold an individual a normal prison cannot. Frequently fails anyway.
Red Light District -The part of town where all the brothels, bars, and other places of seedy night-time enjoyment can be found.
Runaway Hideaway -Where The Runaway hides.
Sapient Ship -Your ship has a mind of its own and often flies itself.
Secret Government Warehouse -Where the government hides all the stuff the people are better off not knowing about.
Secret Shop -A shop whose business model somehow revolves around having great stuff and telling next to no one about it.
Secret Underground Passage
Self-Inflicted Hell -A character suffers in the afterlife only because they believe they deserve it.
Set Behind the Scenes -Hollywood, but not Hollywood.
Setting as a Character -The setting is as important a driver of the story as any character but is not truly an intelligent person in its own right like a Sapient Ship or Genius Loci.
Severely Specialized Store -We sell one thing, and one thing only.
Simulated Urban Combat Area
Sinister Subway -The Absurdly Spacious Sewer's more realistic and spooky counterpart.
Small Town Boredom
Smart House -A Cool House with a built-in AI. Hope luck is on your side.
Smoky Gentlemen's Club -Where stereotypical rich men hang out away from wives, servants, and other common people.
Soapbox Square -A public park or square where rabble-rousers can make impassioned speeches to cheering or booing crowds.
Soiled City on a Hill -The ruins of a failed Shining City.
Solid Clouds -Clouds that you can walk or even build on top of. Commonly seen in Fluffy Cloud Heaven.
Soul-Sucking Retail Job -Stock Parody of Walmart and other big box retailers.
Southern Gothic -Creepy, gothic Lovecraft Country in the Deep South.
Space Brasilia -Everything looks like identical whitewashed concrete towers with the same odd angles.
Spy School
Standard Royal Court -An explanation of the structure of a typical fictional royal court.
Star Scraper -A sky scraper taller than modern technology can build.
Steel Mill -Lots of large machinery, fiery furnaces, molten metal and heavy objects falling from height
Stepford Suburbia -When the Cut-and-Paste Suburb meets the Town with a Dark Secret and everyone has a Stepford Smile.
Strawman U -College stereotypes. You're either a hedonistic liberal la-la-land or a fascist and higher-stakes redux of all the worst, bullying cliques of High School.
Superhero School -Where kids with superpowers go to learn to be superheroes (and maybe math and stuff).
Supervillain Lair -The cliche, surprisingly elaborate facility in which a supervillain plots and prepares for their villainy.
Thriving Ghost Town -Cities that have impossibly low populations.
Torture Cellar -The room in which unspeakable things are done to captives. Modern equivalent of Locked In The Dungeon.
The Tower -A tall, ominous, and frequently symbolic structure that seeks to elevate someone above and away from the base earth.
Town with a Dark Secret -Everyone in town is in on some terrible secret that the hero is not.
Shrine to Self -When a narcissist takes this trope Up to Eleven.
Superhero Trophy Shelf -When a superhero takes this trope Up to Eleven in a different way.
Tunnel Network 
Unholy Ground 
Unnecessarily Large Interior -Buildings with impractically high ceilings and cavernous rooms. Architectural Rule of Cool.
The War Room -Hollywood's version of a command and control center. Rarely well-lit.
Where Everybody Knows Your Flame -Hollywood gay bars, where everything is cooler and more stylish, and stereotypes are taken Up to Eleven.
White Void Room -A white featureless location, often an empty plane or void. Sometimes just meant to look futuristic.
Wrong Side of the Tracks -The bad places to be in a setting with Urban Segregation.
Spooky Silent Library
Traveling Circus