Enforced Technology Levels - Only certain kinds of technology, or a certain level of technology, is allowed. By law, manmade or natural.
Just Before the End - We are a few days from extermination.
Just One Second Out of Sync - A time out of place.
Alien Invasion - They don't come in peace.
Bug War - Humans vs. Insectoid
The Magic Versus Technology War - The Sorcerors fight the Scientists.
Robot War - Robots turn against the creators.
The War on Terror 
Airstrip One -Where The Empire strips a conquered nation of its identity and assigns it a number.
Ascetic Aesthetic -In this setting, less is more.
At the Crossroads - Where the paths of two fates cross.
Beautiful Void - Peaceful, but oddly empty.
Bizarrchitecture -Implausible, ridiculous, bizarre architecture.
City in a Bottle - There has never been anything outside The City. Beyond its well-policed walls is unknown darkness.
City of Gold - A country chock full of wealth and splendor.
City Noir - Like a city, except it's always dark and rainy, crime is everywhere, and the Police Are Useless (or even worse).
City of Spies - City. With Spies. Get it?
Close-Knit Community -Whether rural, urban, or suburban, a place where everyone knows each other and looks out for each other.
Down in the Dumps - Is that a skyscraper of wrecked cars?
Lady Land -Where women rule, and men are either subservient or absent.
Genius Loci -A place that is intelligent and often in control of itself or the things living in it.
Geographic Flexibility - When the setting grows, shrinks, adds, and loses features as the plot demands.
Last Fertile Region - The last bit of nature and greenery in a wasteland dystopia.
Martyrdom Culture -A culture that glorifies death in the name of some cause or belief.
Lovecraft Country -A creepy, horror version of rural New England, where Corrupt Hicks conspire with dark forces.
One Degree of Separation -Every character has a direct connection or relationship with every other character.
Physical Heaven -Heaven on Earth... literally.
Planet of Hats -All alien or foreign cultures are homogenous, and a single stereotype or quirk applies to everyone from that place.
Scavenged Punk -People rely on junk and other "found" technology rather than manufacturing their own, either due to it being After the End or due to living the shadow of human society.
Shattered World -A planet broken into pieces and floating in space / the void but still inhabited.
Small Secluded World -It may be safe here, but there's got to be a bigger world out there, beyond the walls...
Settling the Frontier -Can serve as either a setting for a story or as a Plot.
Small Town Rivalry -Two small towns close by, but that hate each other intensely.
Suddenly Significant City -A city becomes significantly more important in the story. (e.g. Chicago becomes capital of Earth.)
Veganopia -Peaceful societies don't eat meat.
Alien Space Bats
Alternate History
Alternate Universe
Alternate World Map 
Another Dimension
Pocket Dimension
Bizarro Universe
Bloody Bowels of Hell
Constructed World
Cyberspace
Dark World
Dream Land
Elseworld
For Want of a Nail
Giant Food
Hell Is War
Place Beyond Time
Platonic Cave
Warrior Heaven
World of Chaos
World of Ham
Adventure-Friendly World
Black and Gray Morality
Casual Time Travel
Cloudcuckooland
Crapsack World
Crapsaccharine World
Crapsack Only by Comparison
Dystopia
Dystopia Is Hard
Gaia's Lament
A World Half Full
The Wonderland
World Gone Mad
World of Badass 
Everyone is a Badass.
Everyone is a Large Ham.
The World as Myth
World of Pun
World of Symbolism
World of Weirdness
World Shapes
Dyson Sphere
Flat World
Hollow World
Ring World Planet
World in the Sky
You Would Not Want to Live in Dex
Utopia
Schizo Tech- Science Destroys Magic
Place Worse Than Death
God Is Inept
Mary Suetopia
False Utopia
Egopolis
Environmental Symbolism