After the End - A catastrophe - manmade or natural - has wiped out a large portion of the human civilization and/or population. The survivors fight for survival in a post-apocalyptic world.
The Apunkalypse - Punks usher in the collapse of civilization; the apocalypse ushers in the age of the punks. It's all the same song and dance, and the punks are here to stay.
Ruins of the Modern Age -The Empire State Building is growing moss and most of its concrete is fading away.
Scavenger World - The world has been ruined, and people rely on what they can salvage from the old world to survive.
The Dark Times - Between the dinosaurs and early human civilization there were dragons, wizards and evil beyond imagination.
Days of Future Past - Middle Ages + Spaceships = Star Wars.
The Dung Ages - Happens during Dark Age Britain.
Earth Is Young
The Edwardian Era -Between Queen Victoria's death and the outbreak of World War I, everybody's upper-class indulgent and foreshadows a lot.
Fantastic Nature Reserve - A zoo, wildlife reserve, or other home for supposedly extinct or mythical creatures.
Feudal Future - Sub-category of Days of Future Past.
Golden Age of Piracy - Scoundrels, treasure, and swashbuckling adventure upon the high seas.
Here There Were Dragons - Once upon a time, Kings had wizards as courtiers and knights slew dragons.
A Long Time Ago, in a Galaxy Far Far Away... - Far distant in space, time or both. They've probably never even heard of Earth.
Medieval European Fantasy - Swords, kings and Tolkienian lore.
Medieval Prehistory - Pre-industrial human society set against a prehistoric backdrop.
Medieval Stasis - Technology hasn't changed since 1250.
Place Beyond Time - A place out of time.
Prehistoria - Hollywood Stone Age. All cavemen look Neanderthalish and live in harmony with dinosaurs.
The Time of Myths - Ancient Myths (Bronze Age Greek, what-have-you) are not only real, they are mashed together into one time period.
Wooden Ships and Iron Men - The Age of Sail.
Amazing Technicolor World - A colorful world.
The Amazon - The biggest jungle ever.
Ancient Africa - Everyone in Africa has a bone in their nose and hair, dances around a bonfire, and lives in a straw hut.
Arcadia - Quiet life in the countryside.
Atlantis - The perfect lost world.
Beneath the Earth - People living under the crust. Their technology is primitive and they fear the outsiders.
The Big Rotten Apple - The city is a squalid decaying crime-ridden Hell on Earth.
Building of Adventure - A single building is the setting.
Campbell Country - Lovecraft Country...in England!
The City Narrows - Basically, your typical city slum, but even more dangerous.
City of Adventure - All the adventure and excitement you could possibly crave conveniently rolled up into a single city.
Death World - Watch out for that grass!
Easily Conquered World - Nothing could ever harm us.
The Kingdom -Where good monarchs reign. Usually small, pleasant, and an underdog against The Empire.
The Lost Woods -A large, old-growth forest in which nature (and often magic) are supreme.
Lost World -A mysterious, isolated place not found on any maps where exotic adventures can occur.
Mars -The Red Planet. Not (necessarily) the planet where communism rules.
Metal Poor Planet -A planet where the key ingredients for technological civilization are missing.
Mordor -A Shadowland where the Big Bad's Fisher King-ness poisons the land and makes it utterly inhospitable and Obviously Evil.
Mysterious Antarctica - One of the last explored places on Earth's surface. Popular location of lost civilizations and hidden Nazi bases.
Penal Colony -A remote land to exile criminals to to make sure they can't escape (in theory). Populated only by crooks & guards. Sometimes used to dump off the poor and other undesirables too.
Polluted Wasteland - A land destroyed by pollution. SF and modern equivalent of Mordor, but don't expect quick fixes.
Sea Stories -Any story taking place with the ocean as its primary setting.
Vestigial Empire -The corrupt, declining remnant of a once mighty empire.
Land of Faerie
Magical Land
Mental World
The Multiverse
Phantom Zone
Shadowland
Spirit World
Single-Biome Planet -A desert planet ice planet, ocean planet.
Layered World - A world with multiple dimensions, where locations in each dimension map to each other, creating "layers" of reality.
Ocean Punk -Take your standard dystopian Punk setting and Just Add Water.